getting roasted over here this is
literally just the plain nice dream yeah
if you look at the twitch title you know
this is like roasting breast uplift this
is the whole point
hi everyone and welcome to the NA LCS
Lounge today I am joined with bio frost
or otherwise known as bio daddy and
washed up ad carry number two I'm good
how are you I'm pretty good as good as
you can be after a loss
yeah actually say I forgot we lost today
some said I changed my answer well your
first answer was a really an answer is
more of an insult directed at me I said
I was good very briefly okay well we're
off to a great
I'll ask Vince to did you almost every
day and he'll say no wait I'm actually
just busy though okay last night
actually I saw my game and asked him to
do and he said sorry like somehow I'm
doing with you right now
oh wait that's true all right it's been
a long time coming later on in this
stream we're going to do a little
segment called double lift reads mean
tweets so if you guys have ever had
anything that you want to say to them go
ahead and tweet at little eSports with
hashtag na LCS and what do you think
should people just send you their worst
they already do so just keep on doing
you know what you're used to and I don't
know why I get the meanest tweets out of
any pro player I swear I get Ally
encouraging stuff for sure I don't get
any like mean stuff yeah he gets likes
girls soliciting him like just so much
so much like supported loved like oh
he's so cute and lovable bio daddy I
have a love/hate relationship with the
community but people just love Vincent
wait your life and he's such a handsome
guy your tweets that like when you trash
talk people they always get so many
likes I know oh and I didn't you should
talk today so I feel like that's why we
lost I told you beforehand that I wanted
a place a friendly wager
game mm-hmm me and traps have been
talking you know just between us and we
really want you to get a new haircut too
bad that's to go okay daddy I can't just
down my hair brown we attract all humans
we remember that time where they
switched like our haircuts and then you
had that my haircut not high drawers my
forehead is huge I can't pull off your
haircut about it you've never tried it
before
Oh even you two yeah I just try I'm
gonna flame by my fullness weren't
already well I'm not I'm not blaming you
I'm giving you really good advice all
right all right good said who are you
who are you going who are you said echo
fox forget when you met a haircut on it
okay I mean I wouldn't go bald that's
what you're asking
that's what you get a hairstyle it's not
like I'm gonna say shave your head or
get like old man style I don't think
we we make you look good the bets
actually good for you I think as well as
one of the best 80s probably the best
eighty actually are just playing when
your support is moving around a lot
curing Peters opinion this is actually
pretty valuable because I play against
him next week so that's true no no let's
see what you have to say okay yeah you
know that was that was an excellent
casting over the draft so just a small
congratulations to you you're gonna I
hate you guys I thought well we just
wanted to keep talking about my haircut
is that the point of this stream I
didn't even stay here cut I said
congratulate you on the cast
I understand it seems like you're being
a little sarcastic which be awfully
alright well you know what I think we
have a video that we'd like to show you
I think this was taken from last week
let's see what it is how do you deal
with doublelift
oh I think when I like when we talk
together sometimes don't leave say
something mean all was all - which part
- the part in which oleh said that you
were bullying him Ursula
there were three said well I'm just
paraphrasing here or to the part where
you said that that never happens like
once a month that's where she said oh my
god dude all the white knights just came
out and defended Olay how come after
that always be with the supports that
everyone loves
there's no flamers or anything like
Vincent and all-ages just only have
white knights on their side and now when
i stream it's just stop bullying away
but it's like I only beat him once or
twice a week okay I don't even leave
bruises you just say oh you are garbage
and they're just bad never said I'm
gonna hit you down I know it
you mean that in Korea you just say that
you're garbage
I can't even say we have I mean you know
last year I asked him about Cody because
he played with colleague and anonymous
since the ex-girlfriend always just
always playing with my past life partner
especially Cody now it's Peter like you
throw them and then I don't need you and
I just take it and I actually got thrown
away this time but oh oh I have a story
about Vincent what's I have a story okay
here we go
I don't remember I remember no no no I
remember this I was I
we were playing tryst I was playing
tryst huh into recon I think was I recon
and every single time recon with W me I
would fail the job cuz the timing is so
tricky I like you
do it you have to do it late enough so
that it glitches out and then you jump
and I was always doing it too early or
too late and getting like knocked out of
my job and then we lost balling in the
review is like why are you guys losing
so hard and and this is like well I
think the matchup is just Peter has to
jump through a condo like that was just
indirect it was more than that means I
was just stating the facts there just
effects yeah just effects oh wait is
this really your tweet that's it I
really have the most supportive words
okay you take care
Bonnie more than me true well that's
gonna be a good you know you have to put
me at first not funny wait I talked to
Bonnie once a week but I talk to you
every day yeah but that's not sweet
talking you know like when I went to my
loom like I really
maybe sometimes heard your conversation
with calling like funny and blah blah it
was like what is it double lift like
you're really sweet boy and the point is
I you came out then one day you said you
mean like listen you're an LCS
professional player uh-huh you must
treat your support better than your
girlfriend that's like that's true
that's not it's true hmm maybe Bonnie is
a better girlfriend than you are at
support can you wait yeah I think you're
supposed to talk to you never mind
all right visit this stick say go to you
and tell you that you're doing such a
good job and you're just such a great
guy is that is that how it works
we usually have everyday at once we
finished sessions where we just
complement each other for a lot of great
is saying yeah it releases a chemical
called oxytocin it's like oh wow it's
all it needs more oxytocin so we need to
start doing this yeah I think you
release the same thing just from hugging
people for more than five
that's really if you don't want to say
anything nice to him just have a cuddle
fest oh I see and we toasting to cuddle
after scribbs is that is that the key
try it you're gonna try so you guys are
gonna go home today oh we lost guys but
we still love each other like this yes
okay I could try
but I feel he would be awkward no dude
that's fine
whatever is good for the team if we need
more oxytocin in this team maybe maybe
that's why you guys lost you have too
much oxytocin that's probably yeah we
actually were doing that before one of
our things so the Lucian play that I
have in my head that I remember from you
are we all the winning one no awfully
I'm I'm gonna leave the best oh let's
see
man that is really unfortunate hey fuck
you kill zoo I put in this newscaster
curse is broken you live to rock the
bowl cut another day I'm never wrong and
I've never been wrong I'm only nice when
I think our team is good
our team sucks team is garbage we could
I take all this anger from everyone
who's flaming me and I just push it out
because he is ragging on you and
bullying you are you gonna be a bully no
it's like he legging on me and then the
way I like release the stress is like
just playing we're in soloqueue just
bully them in soloqueue like I just play
them oh my by play like I don't say bad
words I just scared them or and I just
whoa working it's working
where does doublelift keep his flash
storage yeah it's in my back pocket
everything all the way back there to get
it it's so far this can't reach it man
no sometimes I'm a little I'm looking
old man you know I just can't I'm not
flexible enough to get there god this
this will never die will it it's okay
it's okay everyone hope you enjoyed that
interview you should be very happy not a
mediocre team liquid interview I do so
many of those that he was so boring I
just whatever and so if you'd like to
see more interviews brought to you by
Omni slash you can do that right here on
my youtube channel